Hello and welcome back to the course on power be-I I hope you had a chance to try creating a small distribution
for balance and I wonder how you went with that.
And today we actually going to create in this trial together.
So let's go ahead and create a new page called balance and then showing it to right click into choose
group.
And for a balance been size we're going to select let's say ten thousand dollars because we're working
with the thousands.
So therefore we have to type in $10000 here.
We might might have chosen to 5000 or 20000.
It's not really a big deal what we choose because you can always change and adjust it as long as it's
someone in the thousands.
Right OK we've created our bins and drag them over here and the customer ID as well make sure it's on
count and there we go so there's a distribution.
You can see lots of people in this bank have lower balances up to 20 or up to $30000.
That's the predominant.
And those are the first three tabs and then it kind of drops off very quickly so very few people have
very large Ponce's.
And then what are we going to do is we're going to right away change this to a percentage of total.
Right now we will what will we do we can add the labels.
So put this to every single one.
So 50 percent that means like every second bar has a data label here we want every single bar to have
a label.
You increase the size to 12 zero decimal points so we can save some space.
And so you can see the zeros are here.
That's because it's just rounding down and if you don't like that you might want to add like one decimal
point or maybe even two decimal points so that you can see the sun exactly zero.
I personally don't mind that so I'm just going to have 0 percent there.
What else would you like to do.
Well another thing that we can do is change the colors.
So this is for balance and balance is money.
Money is green so I actually think this green is fine.
You might want to change the type of green if you like but I'm going to keep it like this.
And so there are these are age distribution.
There's a balance distribution and that's pretty much it.
As you can see it's very very quick process.
Once you know how to do it you just create the bins and do the calculation do the table calculations
of the percentage of total.
And that's it.
Maybe I just said X and it's ready to go.
All right so that was our bins and distribution for balance.
And in the next tutorial we're going to create another element that's going to go into our final dashboards
so you can see it's already slowly adding up.
We've really got four really cool elements that we're going to put together.
All right.
I hope you enjoy this trial and look for you next time.
And so then happy analyzing.